Update perf_train_gpu_many.md (#31451)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/perf_train_gpu_many.md

If your model can comfortably fit onto a single GPU, you have two primary options:

1. DDP - Distributed DataParallel

> 2. [ZeRO](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.02054) - depending on the situation and configuration used, this method may or may not be faster, however, it's worth experimenting with it.

Reviewer: It'd be even clearer to spell out the acronym first :)

```suggestion
2. [Zero Redundancy Optimizer (ZeRO)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.02054) - depending on the situation and configuration used, this method may or may not be faster, however, it's worth experimenting with it.
```

**Case 2: Your model doesn't fit onto a single GPU:**

If your model is too large for a single GPU, you have several alternatives to consider:

1. PipelineParallel (PP)

> 2. [ZeRO](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.02054)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [ZeRO](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.02054)
```
